Britain Britain Britain things have
never been better we have one piece of
toilet paper left but we can share it
and we can make love quite easily at a
distance of two meters but what of the
people of Britain who do they who are
they and why let's find out in this
lockdown special very little Britain now
I've just been to the supermarket for
you only took 11 hours and I've got all
your favorites for your pain ticky nag
eat chips more chips
what would you like to eat but bad yeah
you know a bad Fiat eh yeah I don't
think it's a good idea reason about it
hello now what would you like then hello
darlings
you know a lot of people are complaining
about lockdown
but I've managed to get myself locked
down with one of the most handsome and
dad I'd say eligible men in Britain
that's right Philip Schofield I can't
wait to get my hands on him champagne
champagne for everyone
I will dear dear I am also a lady but
I'm not sure we should be doing the
sketch anymore
I missed you so much during lockdown
Prime Minister I got through hundreds of
boxes of tissues oh you crying
subversive yeah that's who look into my
eyes the eyes the eyes and around the
eyes I look around the eyes of my own
eyes you're under a hair transplant is a
life-saving operation and I do need to
have it on the NHS right now three two
one
you're back in the room
Margaret Margaret I am made of bananas
you have me every day for the last month
I am banana bread what am I now a lot of
my fatties have been putting on a little
bit of weight during the lockdown if you
are feeling peckish instead of the
biscuits instead of the tank a little of
ticket why not try it'll be just another
Bacardi and coke please move on we'll
starve it we're on the fall
oh sorry muffin with force of our bed so
how you finding things for video of my
fun way I'm not only man love for months
I've had to do it all by and no change
there then you want to book a holiday
somewhere hard computers now have you
tried sitting on the radiator excuse me
miss you were only supposed to be in
this part for exercise sunbathing isn't
allowed yeah but yeah but knew the
movement dog is too cowardly we just
said that well I don't dad how is that
exercise cuz I'm lying here thinking
about what I do the Joe wicks
lots of famous people are on TV
do-do-do-do-do-do they're not as funny
as they normally are did you do do do
but that doesn't really matter because
it's all for charity
I'd be so good for comic relief and
children represent big night in
delightful some enough to take on our
doorstep delicious
yes that was their very nice this was
created as part of the b19
and we hope you like the videos and we
also hope that you click the link below
and make a donation because right now
our charities up and down the UK and
providing urgent and essential help to
those most in need so hopefully if your
hand in your pocket and give what you
can thank you